You are not you, because you should not let too many people out.
When I was young, my love grew thin,
You killed my child, and I feel like a wild man.
What's going on?
You, what are you laughing at?
Let's walk together. Can you hold your hand over there?
When your heartbeat gets better, I'll make you crash.
Come in, why are you here?
Sincerely, you killed my child!
There is no one else standing
Just me and you
Stop being in this state
Others will be though
Is the feeling of distress uncomfortable? Lin Jing'er
You returned the line to me over and over again
what do you want to do
It won't just make your life difficult
Who forced you to live?
Since his time
Not a vegetarian for me
This is what you owe me